DOC: Replace wikipedia links (#4853)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/system-log/index.md

| Property            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                           | DataType                                                  | Nullable |
| ----------          | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                    | ---------------                                           | -------- |
| id                  | For OAuth requests, this is the ID of the OAuth [client](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.1) making the request. For SSWS token requests, this is the ID of the agent making the request. | String                                                    | TRUE     |

> | userAgent           | The [user agent](https://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/work/wiki/Definition_of_User_Agent) that is used by an actor to perform an action                                                                                                      | [UserAgent object](#useragent-object)                     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| userAgent           | The [user agent](https://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/work/wiki/Definition_of_User_Agent) that's used by an actor to perform an action                                                                                                      | [UserAgent object](#useragent-object)                     | TRUE     |
```

### UserAgent object

> "A user agent is software (a software agent) that is acting on behalf of a user." ([Wikipedia](https://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/work/wiki/Definition_of_User_Agent))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"A user agent is software (a software agent) that is acting on behalf of a user." ([Definition of User Agent](https://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/work/wiki/Definition_of_User_Agent))
```

### Geolocation object

> The latitude and longitude of the geolocation where an action was performed. The object is formatted according to the [ISO-6709](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/fr/#iso:std:iso:6709:ed-3:v1:en) standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latitude and longitude of the geolocation where an action was performed. The object is formatted according to the [ISO-6709](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/fr/#iso:std:iso:6709:ed-3:v1:en) standard.
```

| Property | Description                                                                                                                                                        | DataType | Nullable |
| -------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                    | -------- | -------- |

> | asNumber | The [Autonomous system](https://https://www.iana.org/numbers) number that is associated with the autonomous system that the event request was sourced to | Integer  | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| asNumber | The [Autonomous system](https://https://www.iana.org/numbers) number that's associated with the autonomous system the event request was sourced to | Integer  | TRUE     |
```

| asOrg    | The organization that is associated with the autonomous system that the event request is sourced to                                                                           | String   | TRUE     |

> | isp      | The Internet service provider that is used to send the event's request                                              | String   | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| isp      | The Internet service provider that's used to send the event's request                                              | String   | TRUE     |
```

> | domain   | The domain name that is associated with the IP address of the inbound event request                                           | String   | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| domain   | The domain name that's associated with the IP address of the inbound event request                                           | String   | TRUE     |
```
